And now it's time to talk about some
good sex.
>> Yes, I'm Wesley Morris and this is
Cannibal Today. Why you so [music]
obsessed with me? Boy, I want to know.
Love is hard. Hard to get, hard to keep,
hard to let go. It's also hard to act in
film. That might seem like a funny thing
to say given how many love stories we've
been given from filmmakers, not to
mention showrunners and novelists, but
the percentage that really gets to
[music] me is low. There are two reasons
to bring this up. One is that
Valentine's Day just happened, and the
other is that just in time for that
commercial event, cuz what is what is
Valentine's Day? We just got another
movie of Emily Bronte's novel Weathering
Heights.
You're not enough. [music]
>> Not for her.
>> Marggo Robbie and Jacob Alerty. They're
in it. So, it must be said are a lot of
squished and squirted substances.
>> Quite right.
>> What?
>> And not even the obvious ones. This
movie shoots straight out of the loins
of Emerald Finel, the director,
Promising Young Woman, [music] and
Saltburn. two movies in which sex
becomes a form of revenge. Emerel is
clearly interested in sexual obsession,
[music]
romantic repression.
She thinks she's being shocking, but I'm
never shocked. Mostly because the
movies, they're not about human
psychology or relationships. [music]
They're about trying to shock you, which
is trying. So, I was curious about
whether this new Weathering Heights
movie would be more than an Emerald
Fresnel shock show, and my pal Sasha
Weiss was actually excited to see it.
So, we're going to talk about how that
movie made us [clears throat] feel. Look
out, here comes the cannonball.
Sasha
>> Wesley.
>> Uh, thanks for coming back.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> I um all I'll say is we saw this movie
at the same time.
Weathering Heights, Emerald Finel,
Heath Cliff
>> is giving us yet another version of
Emily Bronte's novel. her 179 year old
novel is back again and
>> it never left.
>> I mean
>> it's hold on us is eternal.
>> I don't remember I don't know when the
first time you read it was but I
read it as like a 13 12 13 year old at
the same time that I was reading other
you know on the one hand you know
Victorian Gothic literature on the other
hand Lolita
>> Uhhuh. [laughter]
really getting into some of the
>> I really kind of deviant twisted
sexuality.
>> I wanted to understand because I had
seen this William Wiler version of this
movie with Merl Oberon and Lawrence
Olivier cuz my mother watched a lot of
old movies.
>> Yeah.
[music]
>> Forgive me.
Forgive me.
And they really seemed to be holding on
to each other in this really sort of
passionate way and like meaning
everything they screamed at each other.
>> I'm not a child anymore. You can't talk
like that to me.
>> I'm not talking to a child. I'm talking
to Kathy. Hi, Kathy.
>> I understood as a kid that that was
sensual. And I saw something else called
Weathering Heights on my mother's
bookshelf. And I was like,
>> you put two and two together.
>> Let's see what happens with this guy.
>> Yeah. I I too read it as a kind of
fevered teenager. And it's it's perfect
for that age because it's about these
two impetuous kind of crazy univilized,
you know,
refusing to conform to the bounds of
civilized behavior
>> kids, teenagers, obsessives in love. So,
it's very appropriate for that age,
which made me kind of excited when I saw
the trailer for this new film. And I was
excited, too, because Emerald Finel, the
filmmaker, is she's a kind of, you know,
transgressive, provocative image maker.
And I was sort of like, okay, what
what's she going to do with us? What's
she going to draw out of this? So, when
I saw the trailer, I was like, "Okay,
give it to me."
>> All right. Well, I mean, just to sort of
wet our pallet.
>> Uh-huh. [laughter] Okay. Yeah.
>> We can go back. We can go back to
Trailerville.
>> Yeah. Let's look at it.
>> I mean, here's Margot Robbie.
>> What should you do, Heathley?
>> Jacob Alerty.
>> If you were rich.
>> I love the the fog, the windswept moors,
drenched encounters. [music] I suppose
and do all rich men do. A
>> lot of lot of wetness.
>> A lot of wetness.
>> So kiss me
and let us both be damned.
>> I mean, it's clear she's going to take
liberties with the source text. I mean,
there's something about
enacting a girlhood fantasy that is
being offered here. And that's kind of
what excited me. Like I was like, "Oh,
is it going to get me in touch with the
thing that was so essential to me as a
girl?" I actually when the movie began I
thought there was some promise there
because we have the kids. We have the
young Kathy played by an actress called
Charlotte Mellington and the young Heath
Cliff played by Owen Cooper who's the
boy from adolescence who's a very kind
of tenderlooking soft-spoken kind of
heartbreaking boy. He's all he's lot of
eyes.
>> A lot of eyes and and freckles. And
there So Heath Cliff is is an a kind of
street kid who's been taken in by
Cathy's father. And Kathy Kathy's father
is a drunk. He is a narcissist. He's we
very quickly see that he's kind of a
manipulative unstable kind of father who
at one volatile one moment can be kind
of caressing at the next moment can be
insulting. So she's living in this
unstable world. this beautiful boy, you
know, kind of lost, lonely, comes into
her world as a playmate and also as a
fellow witness to this unstable
situation. So, I feel like she does a
really good job at the beginning of the
movie of showing that the attachment
between these two very tender young
things is born of a kind of desperation
and fear and living in an unstable
environment. And for me, that was
portrayed with with like tenderness and
and a sense of reality. I don't know if
you felt that way.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I thought it was
interesting watching her watching this
little girl build this little boy.
>> Yes. Do
>> you know what I mean? He's a toy. He's a
project, but she basically is creating
for herself a playmate.
>> Yes.
>> And at some point, the thing she builds
also becomes desirable to her.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> And then
they grow up.
>> And they grow up. She doesn't spend a
lot of time in the childhood. I sort of
wish she would have, but there's that
scene
the barn scene. You know what I'm
talking about about [laughter]
>> the the best scene in the movie.
>> The best scene in the movie. So I I mean
this was another thing that sort of
offered promise. I thought so. Basically
there's like a flinging aside of a
curtain and this little actress becomes
the gorgeous kind of laughably gorgeous
Margot Robbie and little Owen Cooper
becomes the laughably gorgeous Jacob
Allerty. And those seeds of attraction
seem to have
>> germinated. Germinated [laughter]
>> and
>> sperminated. I don't know. What do we
What do we What do we say?
>> That is a very emerald finel.
>> Thank you very much. I'm here all night.
[laughter]
>> Before we get to all the fluids in this
movie. So, Katherine, there's a new
neighbor on their land. Uh, Katherine's
very excited that there's a new
neighbor. She walks over, she sprains
her ankle, she stays for six weeks.
Heath Cliff is heartbroken. She comes
back dressed like a cake [laughter]
and she's very upset that Heath Cliff
isn't really there to greet her.
>> Mhm.
>> And
>> because he knows what's going on. Like
you're with this other guy over there on
the other side of this wall for for like
six weeks. Really? He's extremely
jealous, but it's a jealousy that dare
not speak its name because they're kind
of siblings. Like, they're in meshed.
Are they siblings? Are they in love? Are
they They don't know how to understand
their feelings. And they have this kind
of rageful run-in where they part and,
you know, basically they insult each
other. And then that night she goes to
find him in the barn lost where he
sleeps. Yes.
>> But instead, what she sees is something
kind of shocking and and to me as a
viewer kind of promising.
She looks through the crack in the floor
underneath Keith Cliff's kind of attic.
>> In the barn itself.
>> In the barn itself. Will you
>> take it away?
>> You know, two of the servants, man. He's
having some private time.
>> And you know, you you're not really sure
what's happening because you're watching
it from from Kathy's point of view, but
she's looking down through these slats.
The slats.
>> She hears a noise. She hears some kind
of telltale jangle. the woman. There's a
woman and a man. The woman is
essentially
situated herself in what I would
describe as as a harness. And the man is
sort of getting the instruments ready to
do whatever it is they're going to do.
And the
Kathy's watching through the floor
>> and and we're definitely meant to
understand that Kathy has not witnessed
this new encounter. [clears throat] So
what happens?
Well, while while these two were down
there doing their SNM thing, she's
watching this and she is fascinated. She
is like really just like, "Okay,
I don't know what this is, but I'm very
into it." And I would say the minute she
has that thought,
>> who should come drape himself over her?
The text gets doubled
and suddenly her eyes and her mouth are
covered.
>> And it's the first moment that Kathy and
Heath Cliff are explicitly sexual
together. That's what you're given to
understand.
>> Yes. He's on top of her, by the way.
>> He's on top of her and and he's
participating in the eroticism of this
moment. So, the discovery of her
sexuality. It's a very interesting
moment, right? Like it's it's hot. It's
>> it's definitely I will give it I will
give it that there's something
masochistic happening. There's pleasure.
There's a kind of transmission between
the two of them. And what should happen?
She runs away. The scene ends with Kathy
leaving the scene of her awakening
sexuality and this encounter with Heath
Cliff and she runs away. And to me,
that's the end of the movie being
interesting.
>> Yes,
>> it promises this kind of psychological
reading and also like what it does to
me. I mean, it's this stuff is not in
the book, right? The the the book
doesn't have sex in it. The book has a
lot of yearning. The book has a a
tempestuous darkness at the center.
>> It is a boiling pot, but like very very
rigorously kept from boiling over
>> and and the source of its heat is kind
of mysterious. I mean, these are two
dark people. So, Emerald Finel comes
along and she's decided to locate the
darkness in their psychologies and kind
of in their sexuality. So, to me, that
was like the great promise of the movie
that I found pretty disappointing after.
I mean, because she kind of murders it.
[laughter]
>> Yeah. And the question she seems to want
to ask is like, can they actually
explore their desires together? Can they
can this relationship forged in this
weird shame cauldron kind of yield
[laughter]
like a complex sexual thing? I mean, of
course, it's a tragedy. We know that it
won't, but that's like the thing she's
promising to explore. Instead, what I
think she explores is
fashion.
[laughter]
>> But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yes,
you were right. But I want to say that
there is there is a moment where I have
not given up entirely on the movie.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Because after this,
>> okay,
>> I think that what Yeah, I know what
you're talking What happens is, you
know, because what you're waiting for,
what I'm waiting for anyway, is some
sign that
what felt deeply meaningful to me
watching her watch this sex happen is
that it will it will recur somehow. It
will recur
in a way that is a duplication of what
we watched her experience upstairs in
the barn. And it happens. She marries
Linton, the guy who lives next door,
Edgar
>> Linton,
>> and they're in bed one night and he he
too climbs a top her
>> and she makes a very interesting choice.
She's like, "You know what I can do? I
can take my hands and put them on his
hands and make him do what Heathcliffe
did to me that time that I haven't
forgot and I'm still thinking about and
he does it and he's kind of like
[laughter]
what is this? This is strange. And then
there's a wonderful shot of Margot
Robbie reacting to this. I think
realizing
that I have married a man that can that
can do this thing that Heathcliffe did
to me. But then the movie just goes on
and does some regular old normie sex
while they run off and like she makes a
music video. She turns all the sex
basically into a montage, right? and
they have
>> what was in the trailer was the whole
movie.
>> Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. I really
feel like this is a kind of missed
opportunity in some ways, but I also,
you know, I do sense that
the movie is scared of itself somehow.
>> Yes.
>> You know, it is free to do as it
pleases. It could have taken so many
other liberties, but instead you get
this kind of immature
understanding
of sexual
proclivity, desire as offloaded onto
a series of images, right? Excretion.
>> There there are egg yolks
>> emission. There's fish in in in Yeah.
There's a there's a there's a whole fish
like you know suspended in aspect that a
finger kind of like
>> Cathy's finger you know
>> makes it way into
>> makes its way into there's snails and
slimy things. So all of
>> there's a running gag where like they
leave eggs in each other's beds and
apparently there's a thing where like in
this in the world of this novel they sit
down in the exact same spot every time
they get into bed. But also like when
they discover that the yolk has been
placed there, they they run their
finger. That's what I do when I find a a
broken egg. I run my fingers sensuously
through it. I mean, so there's all of
this sort of like Yeah. evocation of
bodily congress, I guess. And then there
is some sex, you know, it's but it's
kind of like
novel.
>> It's not interesting. There every single
shot that you see of them doing it
>> belongs on a book in a bookstore. I just
felt like the energy needed to go. This
movie needed to be a lot crazier. Um,
and I'm sorry, you have some of the
nuttiest source material ever written
about romantic obsession, right? where
like the the sort of erotic and sensual
and narrative sublime are essentially
embodied in these two people who pledge
that not only do they will they love
each other unto death like there's no
point in living if the other person
isn't here. We might even just be
>> one two sides of the same soul. I mean,
and that's the promise that's so
exciting and intoxicating.
>> And I think it would have been
interesting. It would have been so
interesting. Like it's interesting to me
that she wants to explore that through
some kind of say masochistic sexual
relationship, right? Like she wants to
explore
>> what it means to become one. What it
means for your desires to align, what it
means to play these kinds of games where
there's complete trust, right? Like
that's that's the thing that she's sort
of setting out to explore and never
explores. And it's so frustrating
because it's like there's something kind
of new that she's finding in the subtext
of this book, right?
>> And then she just won't go there. And in
fact, there are moments where again,
Katherine and Heath kind of walk up to
the edge of this more risky sexual
encounter. There's the moment where
she's masturbating in the in the Heath.
Yeah. you know, and he and he finds her
and he they kind of, you know, kind of
come together for a moment and he sucks
on her fingers and, you know, he's
promising. There's some promise there
and then she just flees. And I feel like
that is what Emerald Finel does in the
movie. Like I I just think every time
she
starts to get psychological or she
starts to get risky, she just runs away.
>> I
>> with a billowing cape.
>> Why not? is I think I I don't know. I
feel like there's something really This
is the director trying to work something
internal out, right? I feel like there's
something personal happening here that
she can't get to the bottom of. I think
the whole movie should have just been
the two kids at the beginning. The thing
that's embarrassing to me about this
movie is everybody seems too old to be
playing these games. You know, it's not
like anybody looks too old for the part.
Although, Margot Robbiey's clothes. It
almost seems like
she started off as the as the actor
who's playing Kathy and then poof, woke
up in in little Cathy's clothes cuz they
don't all quite fit right to me.
>> It's almost like she's Alice in
Wonderland or something.
>> Yeah. There is this feeling of like
cosplaying. Mhm.
>> cosplaying at psychology
playing at adult desire,
>> cosplaying at some kind of communion,
and none of it feels sophisticatedly
realized.
>> Did you didn't like the other two
movies,
>> Promising Young Woman and Sburn?
>> I um I did like Promising Young Woman
and I felt like it was a promise from
this.
>> You kept using that word. You use that
word a lot.
>> Promising. Well, it's because I feel
like she is proposing
to go I mean in all all of the movies
are revenge movies. All of the movies
involve a kind of sexual power play. All
of the movies explore
>> sort of people who perceive themselves
to be victims that can actually be quite
cruel for all kinds of reasons. I mean,
these themes are suggestive and
exciting. And then in Promising Young
Woman, I think they're the most
realized. Salturn is maybe the worst
movie that I've ever seen. I'm so angry
[laughter]
that I saw that movie because it's just
it's it it's
>> Amen.
>> It's transgression for no purpose. It's
it's transgression to take a picture for
Instagram.
>> She found a house and she was like
>> she's just interested in houses. She's
not really interested in souls.
>> Well, right. And I think there's
something about the soullessness of
these projects. I think that that that
actually um I actually think it would be
useful to sort of think about cuz we're
having a really interesting moment right
now. I think that this movie is a part
of in terms of
I mean this isn't successful but like
this movie is about a kind of sexual
communication. Yes.
>> Right. This is This movie at its very
least, at its at its barely most
successful is about two people
trying to figure out how to be with each
other.
>> Yeah.
>> They just won't [__] talk about it.
[laughter]
So, what I want to do is I want to like
think about some of the work that we've
gotten in like the last year or so
>> where people are trying to negotiate how
to arrange their bodies,
>> something you want to explore or maybe
something actually transgressive. Yeah.
>> How do you ask for that? How do you talk
about that? There are a bunch of works
that are exploring this much more
successfully than I think this managed
to. We're in a moment where there's a
there's a nice little bounty
uh of that right now involving people's
sex, desire, and communicating the
desire. And I it'd be fun to like look
at some of that.
>> Yeah. Let's look at something that
manages to do what unfortunately Emerald
Finel failed to do.
>> And now it's time to talk about some
good sex.
>> Yes. Yes. [laughter]
>> Pleasurable sex. Part of what was such a
bummer about this movie is that actually
there are a number of works of uh visual
pleasure seeking and pleasure giving
that are engaging sex in a sophisticated
way um in a risky way
>> in a way that
>> I don't know I haven't quite seen it
portrayed before and and and I think in
in all of the things that I'm thinking
of there is some exploration of
negotiating power of um trying stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think that what makes these things
special is that a lot of that happens
through talking and some of the talking
is actually what's really hot.
>> Mhm.
>> It's not just the sex, which also is
hot, but it's like sort of the way that
it's arising.
>> It's a package deal, baby. Sometimes you
have to, you know, you got to you got to
say what you want or or speak that you
don't want it, right? Confirm or deny,
>> right? In this funny way that Weathering
Heights,
it's sort of refusing to go
>> with its character's desires. It's
refusing to allow them to articulate it,
and it's refusing to articulate them.
And I'm just more interested in in works
that articulate. There are so many words
in that book. [laughter]
>> Emily Bronte wrote so many words and yet
these people can't say
>> anything
>> any of the important ones.
>> Um so how should we do this? like am I
like I will I'll present you one that I
think is doing it for me that is you
know the whole work is an achievement of
of this kind of connection and I feel
like um heated rivalry you know you've
heard all everybody's heard all
>> I knew you were going to talk about
heated rivalry
>> I I just feel like
>> one of the things that is successful
about this show one of the many things
that's successful about this show which
is of course the show about these two
professional hockey players who have
this yearslong affair that begins with
sex and then I think through prolonged
exposure to each other fall in love. And
one of the first times you see that love
is is possible between these two people
actually comes in what I would describe
as a as a kind of domination submission
scenario.
>> Yeah.
>> And it happens um in episode two. Ilia
is feeling really good about winning
this fake Stanley Cup and he gets Shane
his quote rival unquote for our purposes
his boyfriend. I mean, I don't know if
they would say that about each other at
this.
>> No, they lover,
>> but I'm all right. Fine.
>> They would never say that.
>> I don't like the term lover. I mean,
[snorts]
>> um,
>> the sex partner.
>> Thank you, Mrs. Weiss.
When's my homework assignment due? Yeah,
I don't know what to call them. It's
hard to know.
>> I Let's just for our purposes, man. He's
going to get his man to come up and
Shane comes up. He's played by Hudson
Williams and and Ilia's played by um
Connor Story. And it's clear that Ilia
is going to try to get a little
domination on Shane. And Shane Shane is
going to submit.
>> Congratulations. Thank you.
not take off your clothes.
>> Like Ilia loves himself a penthouse
penthouse suite in the hotel and
>> but also there's there's not the
suspense here like there's you know this
kind of pulsing music but like they've
already done it a bunch of times. So the
suspense here really is like well what
are they going to explore
>> and the question is do do I want this or
do I not want this
>> right
>> and so there's an inherent safety of
this connection but there's also a
frisen of of of like uncertainty and
suspense for Shane
>> touch yourself
>> what
>> show up for me I want to watch you
what
>> it's my special day Hollander I want to
watch
>> I've never [__] [__] you.
>> Give me some vodka at least.
>> No, no, no. Vodka is for after is your
reward.
>> So Shane complies. There's this amazing
moment where Shane is like,
>> "I need."
>> And I is like, "What?
>> You know, don't me."
>> Cuz he wants to hear it, right? And uh
Shane's like,
>> "I need you." And
okay, I find that an incredibly
satisfying sexual encounter,
it, you know, as he is saying, you know,
after he says, "I need you," his head,
you know, his back is against the
headboard and he's just sitting up, but
he says it and then he crawls on the bed
to to Ilia, who has gotten up and is
standing at the edge of the bed and he
makes his way to his panced crotch. It
is such a like tender moment of
vulnerability, connection, risk, trust,
you know, for both of these guys. I
think they're building a trust in each
other.
>> And also, I think like throughout the
scene, the the balance of power is
shifting because Shane comes in, you
know, he's vulnerable. He's coming to
Ilia's room. Ilia is commanding. Ilia
has more experience. Ilia's toying with
him a little bit. Ilia's telling him
what to do. Shane is like exploring that
submission. But I think that when Shane
finally says, "I need you." It really
turns Ilia on,
>> right? Which is another vulnerability,
right? Like he is now admitting to Shane
that I like this tenderness.
>> I like it when you need me.
>> I like it when you need me. And then
suddenly Shane has a little bit of power
and starts to, you know, not dominate,
but at least take the lead. So there's
like a really delicate choreography
going on and also like many different
registers, right? Like I don't know if
we could say dozens, but there are many
registers that are explored, right? And
and and the scene allows them to move
through them and to kind of try them on
and see how they feel. And it's like
they're they're really trying on a bunch
of different persona to figure out like
>> which ones kind of harmonize, which ones
talk together, which ones work together,
how much teasing, how much power, how
much dominance, how much submission is
working for them.
>> Well, it's interesting because I think
that opposites attracting dynamic
um is also part of the appeal for both
of them. Like Shane gets to Ilia gets to
make Shane a little dirty and Shane gets
Ilia to sort of like like lower the
volume on his bad boy act. Um I don't
know. I I I like what you're saying
about how the power dynamic is sort of
it does I mean I hadn't really
appreciated the like quite the the
veillances of the shifts between the two
of them. Um, is there like in this in
this little power exchange?
>> This is really an exchange of equals
[laughter] and peers, my friend.
>> I've given you
>> We've long ago worked out our power
dynamics.
>> Have we?
>> I Well, I don't know. Let's find out.
>> Let's find out. Uh, I've given you
heated rivalry. What would you What
would you like to give me in return?
>> I would like to give you
>> Baby Girl.
>> Oh,
>> baby girl. One of my favorite recent
movies. NSFW.
>> Well, actually, funnily enough, I feel
like the scene or the parts of it that I
want to watch with you are perfectly
safe for work because to have a good
kind of rigorous sex scene,
>> you don't always need to get to that. I
mean, eventually you want to get to the
part where someone is having an extreme
experience of pleasure, but this the
part that interests me is like the
negotiation on the way to getting there.
So, so, so let me set the scene for you.
If you picked the one I think you
picked, this is one of the great sex
scenes of all time.
>> I agree.
>> Right out of the gate. I mean, this
thing is like 2 years old. This is like
top 10.
>> So, Nicole Kidman is playing Romy, who
is the beautifully, perfectly quafted
type A uh head of a tech company.
>> Everyone is just waiting for me to
buckle under the pressure.
>> Is now a good time to introduce the
interns?
>> Yeah. you know,
extremely organized, uptight person who
has the secret desire to be dominated.
>> Basically, what they said Nicole Kidman
has always been in some way, but really
isn't. That that's not how she is.
>> Well, we don't know. But but here she
she is exploring this fantasy.
>> Oh,
I chose you as my mentor.
>> What?
>> I chose you as my mentor.
I'm not a part of that program. So,
>> no, you are.
>> And she's exploring it with her intern
played by Harris Dickinson. He is very
appealing. And he is this young,
perceptive intern in her office.
>> I'd say ambitious.
>> Ambitious. ambitious, sexually
ambitious, and in other ways ambitious,
who has her number, and he sees that she
wants someone to play this kind of game
with her. So, he leaves her note. He
tells her to come to this kind of gross
motel room and she comes dressed to the
night.
>> Gross. It's fine.
>> It's fine, but it's not, you know, it's
not her standard. It's not her
standards. And he comes in and she sort
of plays the part of his boss and she
starts to say,
>> "What you're doing is wrong.
Your behavior is unacceptable.
>> What behavior?
>> That's all I have to say. It's the only
reason I'm here to stop this and your
wild behavior. What are
>> you talking about?
>> This is wildly inappropriate. [laughter]
>> And he's sort of like what what roleplay
are we on here? Like like he's he's
trying to negotiate what she wants,
right? And he's actually here to give
her what she wants or to find out what
she wants. And
>> but she's not really even sure.
>> She's not sure. And and what ensues is
there's this sort of awkward moment
where they're where they're trying to
find that and at first she flees just
like Catherine
>> I have to go unacceptable.
>> Unacceptable.
>> Yes.
>> She doesn't want to get in touch with
her real desire.
>> But then she does want to
[snorts]
>> I don't like that. Not like that. Not
like that. Not like that. I don't want
to like that.
>> So then they start to tussle and she's
laughing, right? Like it's it's a scene
that could be read as violent.
>> Mhm.
>> But but they're laughing and they're
they're playing
>> hotel floor. By the way, she she knows
better. She's really letting go.
>> Stop.
>> And then he pins her down.
>> Now here he's been given permission to
embody his role of dominator.
>> May maybe take your clothes off. Can you
do that?
>> I don't want to.
>> Why?
>> I don't know. I don't want to.
>> That's okay. She's a little girl now. I
don't want to.
>> So, he's thinking, too.
>> He's like, "Okay, what what can he ask
her to do? What might she want?"
>> Just maybe come sit here.
>> So, he's a little inviting. Come sit
here.
>> Come [snorts] sit here.
>> And now he's going to Now he's going to
think and search and find the right
register.
>> Maybe. Could you um
get on all fours?
>> Why?
>> Just can you just try it? Can stop
asking why. Can you just try? Maybe for
the sake of what we're
[sighs]
This is an extraordinary scene.
>> [laughter]
>> Do you think that she thinks that like I
don't I kind of don't want to or why
would I do that? But also like a little
girl being like
>> but why? But why?
>> No, I I think I think that she is not
quite ready to let go. And I think I
think at first he goes too straight to
the heart of what she wants and it's
like being burned by a flame. She can't
take it. So he's adjusting the dials and
adjusting the temperature. I like that.
>> But he's also saying in the pinning,
right? It's not a violent pinning. No,
>> it's like you are safe.
>> You're safe.
>> You do not have to run. It's going to be
okay. Exactly.
>> Just trust me. This is a I'm holding you
here, but don't run.
>> Which is reminiscent of something that
he did with a dog early in the movie,
which is the source of her attraction to
him, that he kind of calms this animal.
And it's the same kind of gesture. He's
got a kind of calming energy that allows
her,
>> it is a little bit like body work in
some way, right? transferring an energy
to her.
>> What I love about the scene is that it
really feels like a genuine exploration
and the movie lets us see all of that.
The scene lets us see all of that kind
of delicate.
>> It's a much longer scene.
>> It's a much longer scene and they keep
playing and they keep trying to find it
and it gets more and more intense and it
culminates
>> winds up
>> in an incredible
>> moment where
>> she has an amazing orgasm, but it it
really takes time and they're building
to it and they're finding it. And so
sort of like the scene in Heated
Rivalry, there are like a lot of
different shades and a lot of different,
you know, sometimes there are sort of
like the wrong note is hit and they have
to adjust, you know, and and there's
like this kind of twinkling little music
going on between them and they're trying
to find it and like to me this scene it
gives to Romy's character what Emerald
Finel denies to her character, right?
which is like
>> improv
>> improv improv and the capacity
exploratory improv and like having
desires that are maybe
>> like you don't even know how to name
>> this to me is that right like this is
them attempting to try to explore
something I also think that like it is
that movie began to me I don't want to
say it's responsible for this moment
that we're in yeah
>> but we're in a moment
>> of a particular kind of erotics
right? Where it's two people trying to
figure out
what the sex is doing. Who has the power
in this moment? How can I use the power
to get what I want?
>> What do what do you think gave birth to
this moment? Like where is it coming
from?
Well, I think for one thing it's really
interesting that it's happening at a
time when we are being told according to
a lot of journalism and a lot of
scientific research and you know social
research that people are having less
sex.
>> I also think that like we're in a moment
of negotiating our own relationship to
power, right? like we've been here for a
minute and in the world of these hotel
rooms, you know, the sort of hotel motel
becomes a studio for this exploration.
This is like this is work. I mean, these
are these
>> other works are are interested in kind
of, you know, improvising the law,
right? Like these people are negotiating
a kind of emotional and sexual contract.
And it maybe in a way it's like it kind
of makes sense to me in a way, right?
like we're coming out of this period. I
do think it has to do with with me too.
I do think it has to do with I think it
really has to do with the Trump
administration's uh you know rulings
about the regulation of the female body
and control. And I think that like we
are in a kind of new territory where we
have to renegotiate these things. And I
think these works of culture are
renegotiating them in some really subtle
and useful ways that I feel actually
really grateful for.
>> And what I would say is more please.
>> I you know I I can never get enough. I'm
I'm insatiable.
>> Keep them coming. [laughter]
>> Sasha, we did it again. Um thanks for uh
thanks for stopping by. [laughter]
I appreciate it. Thanks for having me.
>> Before we go, I just have one thing to
say. I have a few things to say, but I
will start by saying this. In 24 hours,
Robert Duval, Frederick Wisman, and
Jesse Jackson died. But I am actually
still sitting with a person who was
going to have a lot less ink spilled on
them, a lot fewer tributes devoted to
him.
That
that that is a very bad version of
Quincy Jones's theme song for Sanford
and Sun. And the reason to bring this up
is that Dean Wilson died a couple of
weeks ago. And I just wanted to say we
might have lost one of our great
heterosexual men, but also one of our
great comedic straight men. That
basically in comedy means that somebody
else is supposed to be funny and it's
not you. Your job is to take the funny
and just absorb it. Demand was like the
son and he had to really take Red Fox's
abuse as the father in the Sanford and
Sun relationship.
>> Hi son. I thought I heard the truck. Hey
pop. They ran a junk shop and Red Fox
talked a lot of junk to De Man Wilson.
>> I was reading in the paper the other
day. Wife dies, the mate follows.
>> Hey Pop, now you know mama's been dead
for 23 years.
>> Well, sometime it takes a little longer.
>> And it just was such a pleasure watching
him take the abuse.
>> What are you talking about? I forgot.
You keep talking about I forgot
something. I want to know what it is I
forgot.
>> Forget it.
It was just such a pleasure watching
this man [music] tell these people,
"Y'all need to act better." Like, act
right.
>> The door. No kidding.
>> Well, well, what want me to answer?
>> No. Have it framed and hanging on the
wall.
>> I just want to say cuz nobody else is
going to say that Dean Wilson was one of
the great straight men of all time, but
he was. We all know we saw the show and
I just wanted to give a salute to the
hard work [music] and uh I don't
[laughter] know punching bag work that
he did on that show. Rest in peace Mr.
Wilson and thank [music] you thank you
thank you for your service.